Docs/post implementation updates (#65)
hyperledger/indy-did-method: spec/3_indy_ledger_object_glossary.md

~ A NYM (short for "Verinym") is associated with the Legal Identity of an Identity Owner and is a Hyperledger Indy specific term for a data object, which holds DID data of one concrete identity returned during DID resolution. While a NYM can be [read](https://hyperledger-indy.readthedocs.io/projects/node/en/latest/requests.html#get-nym) from a Hyperledger Indy Node by any client, a NYM can only be [written](https://hyperledger-indy.readthedocs.io/projects/node/en/latest/requests.html#nym) to a Hyperledger Indy network as long as the writing entity possess the proper permissions.

> ~ A NYM object itself does not conform to the [Decentralized Identifiers (DIDs) Core specification](https://https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/) scheme but rather includes all DID related data of a single identity and therefore its resolution into a DID document does. Therefore writing a NYM to a Hyperledger Indy instance basically results in writing a DID to the ledger. The author of a NYM write transaction is then the owner of the NYM respectively its embedded DID.

Reviewer: Missing an "and" in the last sentence, I think.

[[def: ATTRIB]] - **Deprecated**

~ A Hyperledger Indy ATTRIB (short for "attribute") object extends a specific DID (also known as [[ref: NYM]]) of its owner with further information (attributes) and can be [read](https://hyperledger-indy.readthedocs.io/projects/node/en/latest/requests.html#get-attrib) from a Hyperledger Indy Node by any client. An ATTRIB object can only be [written](https://hyperledger-indy.readthedocs.io/projects/node/en/latest/requests.html#attrib) to a Hyperledger Indy network by an owner of the DID on that network.

~ The use of ATTRIB is **deprecated** with the introduction of the `did:indy` DID Method. The only common use of ATTRIBs in Hyperledger Indy prior to `did:indy` was to define DIDDoc service endpoints for a DID. Since with `did:indy` such a service endpoint can be added directly to the DID (along with any other DIDDoc data) there is no need to continue the use of the older ATTRIB `endpoint` convention. While a Hyperledger Indy client (such as [[ref: Indy VDR]]) MAY continue to try to resolve an `endpoint` ATTRIB when there is no DIDDoc content in a resolved DID, the ongoing practice of using an ATTRIB for that or any other purpose is discouraged.

> ~ The `did:indy` method introduces legacy support for retrieving the service endpoint of a past version of a [[ref: NYM]] by `versionId` or `versionTime`, using a process similar to resolving [DID Versions](\https://hyperledger.github.io/indy-did-method/#did-versions) by these parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
~ The `did:indy` method introduces legacy support for retrieving the service endpoint of a past version of an attribute by `versionId` or `versionTime`, using a process similar to resolving [DID Versions](\https://hyperledger.github.io/indy-did-method/#did-versions) by these parameters.
```

I believe this is what was intended?

[[def: SCHEMA]]

~ A SCHEMA object is a template that defines a set of attribute (names) which are going to be used by issuers for issuance of [Verifiable Credentials](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/) within a Hyperledger Indy network. SCHEMAs have a name, version and can be [written](https://hyperledger-indy.readthedocs.io/projects/node/en/latest/transactions.html#schema) to the ledger by any entity with proper permissions. Schemas can be [read](https://hyperledger-indy.readthedocs.io/projects/node/en/latest/requests.html#get-schema) from a Hyperledger Indy Node by any client.

~ SCHEMAs define the list of attribute (names) of issued credentials based on a [[ref: CLAIM_DEF]] (see below).

[[def: CLAIM_DEF]]
~ A CLAIM_DEF (short for "claim definition") object contains data required for credential issuance as well as 

> credential validation and can be [read](https://hyperledger-indy.readthedocs.io/projects/node/en/latest/requests.html#get-claim-def) by any Hyperledger Indy client. A CLAIM_DEF object references a [[ref: SCHEMA]], references a DID of the issuer and can be [written](https://hyperledger-indy.readthedocs.io/projects/node/en/latest/requests.html#claim-def) by any issuer who intends to issue credentials based on that specific [[ref: SCHEMA]] to the ledger and has the proper permissions in doing so. A public key of the issuer is included within the CLAIM_DEF which allows validation of the credentials signed by the issuer's private key. When credentials are issued by using the issuers CLAIM_DEF, the attribute (names) of the [[ref: SCHEMA]] have to be used.

Reviewer: I think we should update this to use "CRED_DEF" with a note that "CLAIM_DEF" is sometimes used, particularly in existing Hyperledger Indy code.

It would be nice to keep stamping out the use of "CLAIM_DEF".

Reviewer: We could include a "CLAIM_DEF" definition, but just say it is the deprecated term for "CRED_DEF".
